README.md, before:

Tweak CSS Tests
===============

A bookmarklet that helps you running the [CSS Test Suites]
on your browser.

## Overview

CSS syntax may change during the development of the specification.
The [CSS Test Suites] uses the most recent syntax,
but the browser you want to test on may support only old syntaxes.

This bookmarklet dynamically adopts test files for your browser.

## Install

1. Navigate to [bookmarklet].
2. Select all text in the page.
3. Drag the selected text to your bookmarks bar.

## How to use the bookmarklet

1. Navigate to the test page in the [CSS Test Suites].
2. Click the bookmarklet on your bookmarks bar.

## Use the script directly

If you have the test files on your local hard drive,
you can load the script into the test page
by adding a script tag to the test page.
```html
<script src="tweak-css-tests.js"></script>
```
You can also load the script
directly from github
as in the example below.
```html
<script src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kojiishi/tweak-css-tests/master/tweak-css-tests.js"></script>
```

[CSS Test Suites]: http://test.csswg.org/shepherd/
[bookmarklet]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kojiishi/tweak-css-tests/master/bookmarklet.js

Commit message:

Add a link for hoo to install manually

README.md, after:

Tweak CSS Tests
===============

A bookmarklet that helps you running the [CSS Test Suites]
on your browser.

## Overview

CSS syntax may change during the development of the specification.
The [CSS Test Suites] uses the most recent syntax,
but the browser you want to test on may support only old syntaxes.

This bookmarklet dynamically adopts test files for your browser.

## Install

1. Navigate to [bookmarklet].
2. Select all text in the page.
3. Drag the selected text to your bookmarks bar.

If that fails, please refer to [how to install bookmarklet in chrome].

## How to use the bookmarklet

1. Navigate to the test page in the [CSS Test Suites].
2. Click the bookmarklet on your bookmarks bar.

## Use the script directly

If you have the test files on your local hard drive,
you can load the script into the test page
by adding a script tag to the test page.
```html
<script src="tweak-css-tests.js"></script>
```
You can also load the script
directly from github
as in the example below.
```html
<script src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kojiishi/tweak-css-tests/master/tweak-css-tests.js"></script>
```

[CSS Test Suites]: http://test.csswg.org/shepherd/
[how to install bookmarklet in chrome]: https://crossbrowsertesting.com/faq/how-do-i-install-bookmarklet-google-chrome-mac-os
[bookmarklet]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kojiishi/tweak-css-tests/master/bookmarklet.js
